README.md, before:

# attribuutit

Nodes, Edges, Faces, and Attributes (Finnish: "Solmut, reunat, pinnat ja attribuutit").

[License: MIT](https://git.sr.ht/~sthagen/attribuutit/tree/default/item/LICENSE)

[![version](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/attribuutit.svg?style=flat)](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/attribuutit/)
[![downloads](https://pepy.tech/badge/attribuutit/month)](https://pepy.tech/project/attribuutit)
[![wheel](https://img.shields.io/pypi/wheel/attribuutit.svg?style=flat)](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/attribuutit/)
[![supported-versions](https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/attribuutit.svg?style=flat)](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/attribuutit/)
[![supported-implementations](https://img.shields.io/pypi/implementation/attribuutit.svg?style=flat)](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/attribuutit/)

## Documentation

User and developer [documentation of attribuutit](https://codes.dilettant.life/docs/attribuutit).

## Bug Tracker

Feature requests and bug reports are best entered in the [todos of attribuutit](https://todo.sr.ht/~sthagen/attribuutit).

## Primary Source repository

The primary source of `attribuutit` lives somewhere on a mountain in Central Switzerland.
But, we use decentralized version control (git), so any clone can become the source to everyone's benefit, no central only code.
Anyway, the preferred public clones of `attribuutit` are:

* [on codeberg](https://codeberg.org/sthagen/attribuutit) - a democratic community-driven, non-profit software development platform operated by Codeberg e.V.
* [at sourcehut](https://git.sr.ht/~sthagen/attribuutit) - a collection of tools useful for software development.

# Status

Experimental.

**Note** The default branch is `default`.

Commit message:

Harmonized third-party docs pointer and title case

README.md, after:

# Attribuutit

Nodes, Edges, Faces, and Attributes (Finnish: "Solmut, reunat, pinnat ja attribuutit").

[License: MIT](https://git.sr.ht/~sthagen/attribuutit/tree/default/item/LICENSE)

Third party dependencies are documented in the folder [third-party](third-party/README.md).

[![version](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/attribuutit.svg?style=flat)](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/attribuutit/)
[![downloads](https://pepy.tech/badge/attribuutit/month)](https://pepy.tech/project/attribuutit)
[![wheel](https://img.shields.io/pypi/wheel/attribuutit.svg?style=flat)](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/attribuutit/)
[![supported-versions](https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/attribuutit.svg?style=flat)](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/attribuutit/)
[![supported-implementations](https://img.shields.io/pypi/implementation/attribuutit.svg?style=flat)](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/attribuutit/)

## Documentation

User and developer [documentation of attribuutit](https://codes.dilettant.life/docs/attribuutit).

## Bug Tracker

Feature requests and bug reports are best entered in the [todos of attribuutit](https://todo.sr.ht/~sthagen/attribuutit).

## Primary Source repository

The primary source of `attribuutit` lives somewhere on a mountain in Central Switzerland.
But, we use decentralized version control (git), so any clone can become the source to everyone's benefit, no central only code.
Anyway, the preferred public clones of `attribuutit` are:

* [on codeberg](https://codeberg.org/sthagen/attribuutit) - a democratic community-driven, non-profit software development platform operated by Codeberg e.V.
* [at sourcehut](https://git.sr.ht/~sthagen/attribuutit) - a collection of tools useful for software development.

# Status

Experimental.

**Note** The default branch is `default`.
